Add note about end of probation period (#13289)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/people/compensation.mdx

Your manager is responsible for monitoring and specifically reviewing your performance [throughout this initial period](/handbook/people/onboarding#306090-day-check-ins). If under-performance is a concern, or if there is any hesitation regarding the future at PostHog, this should be discussed immediately with you and your manager. 

> At the end of your first 3 months, you may be explicitly told that you've passed your probation period. However, if you don't hear anything, that also means you've passed. No news is good news.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of your first 3 months, you won’t usually receive formal confirmation that you’ve passed probation, the default is no communication. By that point, you should already have a clear understanding of your performance and progress through your 30/60/90-day check-ins with your manager.
```
